# Project Name:
MarkovText.v2

# Group Members:
Peike Li, Yuxuan Shi, Johnny Tu

# Project Description:
MarkovText.v2 is a simplified Markov Language Model. It models a text corpus and generates a fake text from it, using units of words. To compare two texts, it can computes the [Flesch reading ease score](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flesch%E2%80%93Kincaid_readability_tests) for the two texts.

# Instructions on Package Installments:
conda create --name NEWENV --file requirements.txt

# Description of Demo File:
//This includes detailed instructions on how to run it, what output one should expect to see, and any explanations or interpretations of the result. There should be at least 2 figures embedded in this section. It can be screenshots of your game, or plots generated by your data visualization code. Make sure these figures have appropriate titles and captions, and are sufficiently explained in your text.

test.ipynb is the demo file

# Scopes and limitations:
The reading scores computed may have large variations and are only used as references for the comparison between fake text and original text.

# License and terms of use:
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Peike Li, Yuxuan Shi, Johnny Tu

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

# References and Acknowledgements:
[Reference link on splitting paragraphs into sentences with regular expressions.](http://pythonicprose.blogspot.com/2009/09/python-split-paragraph-into-sentences.html)

Also shoutout to Harlin and Puppycat for getting us through the quarter

# Background and source of dataset (if applicable):
[Link for Emma.txt source file](https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/158)
